chore: fix Import cognito resource on studio (#5195)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/auth/import.mdx

export const meta = {
  title: `Import Amazon Cognito resources`,
  description: `Configure Amplify Studio to use existing Amazon Cognito user pool and identity pool resources as an authentication and authorization mechanism for other Amplify categories ( For example, API, Storage, and more).`
};

> Imported Amazon Cognito resource is particularly useful if you’re trying to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing an Amazon Cognito resource is particularly useful if you’re trying to do the following:
```

- Reuse the imported auth resource across Amplify environments

## Import an existing Cognito user pool

You can import existing Amazon Cognito resources into your Amplify project using Amplify Studio.

To get started, Choose **Authentication** from the **Set up** menu in your app's Studio. On the **Authentication** page, choose **Reuse existing Amazon Cognito resources**.

![import Amazon Cognito resource](/images/studio/import-auth.png)

Select a Cognito user pool and App clients required for your application.

![Select user pool and app clients](/images/studio/import-auth-selection.png)

then click `Import` to deploy your changes.

It is best practice to create at least two app clients with the following conditions:

- At least one “Web app client”: an app client without a client secret
- At least one “Native app client“: an app client with a client secret

The client secret is used by applications that have a server-side component that secure the client secret, which is why the native app client needs one. If the Cognito user pool contains only one App Client, this will be used for both your web and mobile clients.

> [Learn more about getting started with User Pools](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/getting-started-with-cognito-user-pools.html) or [configuring a User Pool App Client](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/user-pool-settings-client-apps.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about getting started with Cognito User Pools](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/getting-started-with-cognito-user-pools.html) or [configuring a User Pool App Client](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/user-pool-settings-client-apps.html)
```

> We can also use Amplify CLI to [import an Cognito user pool resource](/cli/auth/import/).

Reviewer 2: typo - "an Cognito user pool"

[Learn more about getting started with Identity Pools.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/getting-started-with-identity-pools.html)

> We can also use Amplify CLI to [import an Cognito identity pool resource](/cli/auth/import/).

Reviewer 2: In order to import the identity pool, do you also need to import the user pool? Might be worth pointing that out if so.

Reviewer 2: Looks like a typo "an Cognito identity pool resource" should be "a Cognito identity pool resource"
